README.MD, before:

## About
IOTA ERP - is a set of building blocks for ERP development, which will later turn into a complete SDK

## Overview

[Architecture](https://app.excalidraw.com/s/3x4l1qRpK2w/ADYN81ksZsd)

## Features
* [x] GraphQL API
* [x] Database migrations
* [x] Hot reload
* [x] Query filters (partial)
* [x] Query sorting
* [x] Query pagination
* [x] Query relations (partial)
* [x] Query fields selection
* [ ] Caching
* [ ] Authorization
* [ ] Authentication
* [ ] Subscriptions
* [ ] DataLoader

## Prerequisites
* [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install)
* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
* [Air](https://github.com/cosmtrek/air#Installation)


## Development

Clone the repository
```shell
git clone https://github.com/iota-agency/iota-erp.git
```

Install dependencies
```shell
go get -u -d ./...
```

Run postgres
```shell
docker compose -f docker-compose.dev.yml up -d
```

Run migrations
```shell
go run cmd/migrate/migrate.go up
```

Run in watch mode (hot reload)
```shell
air
```

Now visit http://localhost:3200/graphql and enjoy the GraphQL API
```graphql
query GetEmployees {
    employees {
        list {
            id,
            first_name, 
            last_name, 
            company {
                id,
                name,
                address,
                created_at,
                logo {
                    id
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```

## Reference commands

Make migrations
```shell
go run cmd/makemigration/main.go
```

Running tests
```shell
go test -v ./...
```

Run server
```shell
go run cmd/server/main.go
```

## TODO

- [ ] Refactoring
- [ ] More tests
- [ ] More examples
- [ ] GraphQL naming conventions
- [ ] More documentation
- [x] Add JOIN support for queries
- [ ] Add more query filters (like `IN`, `NOT IN`, `LIKE`, `NOT LIKE`, `BETWEEN`, `NOT BETWEEN`, `IS NULL`, `IS NOT NULL`)

Commit message:

authentication on the brink of completion && many more improvements

README.MD, after:

## About
IOTA ERP - is a set of building blocks for ERP development, which will later turn into a complete SDK

## Overview

[Architecture](https://app.excalidraw.com/s/3x4l1qRpK2w/ADYN81ksZsd)

## Features
* [x] GraphQL API
* [x] Database migrations
* [x] Hot reload
* [x] Query filters (partial)
* [x] Query sorting
* [x] Query pagination
* [x] Query relations (partial)
* [x] Query fields selection
* [ ] Caching
* [ ] Authorization
* [ ] Authentication
* [ ] Subscriptions
* [ ] DataLoader
* [ ] File uploads

## Prerequisites
* [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install)
* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
* [Air](https://github.com/cosmtrek/air#Installation)


## Development

Clone the repository
```shell
git clone https://github.com/iota-agency/iota-erp.git
```

Install dependencies
```shell
go get -u -d ./...
```

Run postgres
```shell
docker compose -f docker-compose.dev.yml up -d
```

Run migrations
```shell
go run cmd/migrate/migrate.go up
```

Run in watch mode (hot reload)
```shell
air
```

Now open postman and explore the GraphQL schema at http://localhost:3200/graphql

## Examples
Get all employees and their positions
```graphql
query GetEmployees {
    employees {
        list {
            id,
            first_name, 
            last_name, 
            email,
            position {
                id,
                name
            }
        }
    }
}
```

## Reference commands

Making a migration
```shell
go run cmd/makemigration/main.go
```

Running tests
```shell
go test -v ./...
```

Running the server
```shell
go run cmd/server/main.go
```
